CV Guy Usishkin Mitzpe 3, Tel Aviv , Israel • (+972)544-895172 • guyusishkin@gmail.com Experience Feb 2025 - Present BUSINESS ANALYST - ey (ERNST & YOUNG) As part of the transaction team, I'm working on big datasets to get projects executed. While doing it, I'm using tools like pivot tables in Excel, SQL & Pandas dataframes in python. I'm using matplotlib & Microsoft's PowerBI for visualisation and Models like random forest for predictive analysis. Education 2024 - 2026 M.sc in management of Technology & Information Systems - Tel Aviv University An excellence program for a second degree at the Coller School of Management at TAU, based on academic performance (GPA of at least 3.4 in first degree). Majoring in Data Science & Business Data Analytics. 2022 - 2025 BA Management and Philosophy - Tel Aviv University GPA: 3.44/4.0 Majoring in Data Science. Capabilities • Programming and Data analysis - Python & R (structured and semi structured). cleansing and preparation with Pandas. prediction models - regressions, decisions trees & random forest, Clustering & KNN & Kmeans. Performance measures & model evaluation - accuracy, recall, precision, EV. • visualization - Tableau, PowerBI, Matplotlib • Big Data Technologies - ETL/ELT Processes, HDFS, RDD, PySpark, SparkSQL, Databricks. • Relational Databases - SQL, Excel - solver, goal seek, Pivot table, VLOOKUP, power query. • Else - Fundamentals of funding, Statistics, Finance, Investments Military Service 2018-2020 COMBAT SOLDIER & SQUAD COMMANDER served in the IDF's Nahal Brigade as a combat soldier, then progressed to a squad commander, where I led a class of 13 soldiers. I was later promoted to the role of sergeant, responsible for managing a department of 30 combat soldiers and managing high-value combat gear and weapons. Volunteering 2011-2017 Member of the Israeli scout's movement. language Hebrew - Native (Israeli passport) • English - Highly proficient (American passport) About me I'm a curious person looking to explore the world of knowledge. When I'm not leveraging my knowledge through studying or working, my main activity is bouldering. As the son of a writer, I love spending my spare time reading books. As a philosophy student, I express my passion for philosophy by exploring the history of complex ideas and their evolution.